[SDXL, Docs] Textual inversion (#5039)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/using-diffusers/sdxl.md

    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/diffusers/sdxl-double-prompt.png" alt="generated image of an astronaut in a jungle in the style of a van gogh painting"/>
</div>

> SDXL can be enhanced with textual inversion embeddings, in a similar way to Stable Diffusion 1 and 2 as explained [here](textual_inversion_inference#stable-diffusion-xl)

Reviewer: For a smoother transition :)

```suggestion
The dual text-encoders also support textual inversion embeddings that need to be loaded separately as explained in the [SDXL textual inversion](textual_inversion_inference#stable-diffusion-xl] section.
```

> SDXL can be enhanced with textual inversion embeddings, in a similar way to Stable Diffusion 1 and 2 as explained [here](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/v0.21.0/en/using-diffusers/textual_inversion_inference#textual-inversion)

Author: ```suggestion
SDXL can be enhanced with textual inversion embeddings, in a similar way to Stable Diffusion 1 and 2 as explained [here](./textual_inversion_inference#stable-diffusion-xl)
```
